it's predictable you know every shortcut
I wonder if there's more to life than
this
Withey or is it wifey it is new it is
different and therefore we should fear
it I'm freaking out hard
oh holy cow
we're in the Internet isn't that an
astute observation belly fat using this
one weird tricks housewives want to meet
you they do guess we know where to go if
we ever need a pair of goggles the whole
building full of them
redirecting to eBay yeah 15 320 325 oh
man this guy's good check this up anyone
oh I'll just need a credit card under
sorry what's a yuo 27001 dollars dollars
like money
that was unsettling
[Music]
place is crazy we gotta get hold you're
coming with us kid
what the kitty for a little while
funny gets cake
[Music]
you